a bonus yen or like like I say though
but even I think even if you had just
looked at the threats of violence he
made against me your opinion would have
changed like even if you everything else
the same we just knew this guy
threatened avenue stabbed beaten up
again would probably have changed your
perspective but looks like so the senses
in the middle of it was just saying um
well you did in that video was you said
okay if during writers lying and again
anyone wants to nose knows that he
really is like if during writers lying
then he has no credibility as terrible
person and then you say but my personal
experience with them is positive I think
he's a funny guy's a nice guy so you
know I'm supposed but this is her but
this is my point I think the conclusion
you have to make is in life going ahead
that's not really a solid basis for that
kind of judgment you know with anybody
or with anything you can't you can't
just say well and a lot of people are in
this position with Donald Trump right
your current president states he's been
in show business for so long there were
a lot of people who could say oh well
you know he's a nice guy I met him at a
party I shook his hand that's not really
what we're talking about you know the
question about whether or not right okay
it's a great and I think I think face to
face probably Donald Trump is a nice guy
to have a conversation with these funny
he's drugged he's relaxed he's been in
television for a long time your whole
circle of friends did Donald Trump's
hung out with you know six other people
who hung out with Donald Trump and they
all say he's a great guy but you know at
the end of the day the question is can
can poor people get health care yes or
no that's so that's that's gonna
question let me ask you a question why
well so I can tell you the the Crohn's
disease thing was one turning point
where I made videos pointing out that
specific health claims he made were
wrong and a lot of people respond to
that so I know like his fans were asking
about that because that was something
right
how narcissistic he is whenever someone
just makes a video questioning something
with what he says and he's so passionate
about whatever he says is right in his
log because he's the skinniest and
leanest and most fit one everything
useful listen to him you question that
and then he comes out with these
accusations like if you get this we put
it all together that's just someone
who's trying to beat down to a pulp
anyone that argues with him you know you
put out a video maybe questioning my
behavior and now we're having a logical
yeah now we're coming to a conclusion
and that good people react to things if
I don't need defamatory and lying claims
because I don't want to hurt anyone I
want the truth to be exposed right and
it's pretty pretty clear behavior I'm
really like debilitatingly narcissistic
behavior well I mean look anyone can be
vegan not anyone can be a leader in the
vegan movement you know what I mean like
I'm just saying I'm not gonna take it
wet during rider is a real vegan you
know I called some people Fabian's I've
had I've had conflicts with other vegans
where I said to them honestly I think
durianrider is a better person than you
because I know at least he sincerely
cares about x y&z you know like some
people I think are our fake vegans that
are absolutely terrible for the movement
however someone like Jerry Reiter can't
be in a position of authority he abuses
that authority he can't be in a position
of leadership and it's obvious that the
little bit of Fame and someone that he
had from my perspective it's very clear
he's done more harm than good and I'm
not the only one we won't go into the
other cases there are other individual
people he's hurt but again you know the
other thing when you mentioned like when
you kind of asked in a vague way why did
they start hating me so intensely the
other thing was I did an interview with
a former follower of theirs her name is
Leah pram sir so that interview was
still on my channel I think it's over an
hour long discussion but you know she
wasn't heating on during writer and
freely but she gained a lot of body fats
she dropped out of school she moved to
Thailand like you know she changed her
whole life because their leadership and
you know the conversation is like hey
this is pretty weird huh it's you know
but we're not in that conversation we're
not slamming to rewriter and freely but
you know we're talking about life and
it's it in it's pretty weird
yeah beautiful but I do want to talk
about something when you were
questioning my logic and saying like is
he was never vegan Alling justify that a
little bit but do you think that
durianrider is and again there's no
speculation we don't know but there's a
difference between someone who's just
like a malicious [ __ ] who's trying to
cause [ __ ] versus someone who actually
has a mental disorder right like maybe
maybe double personality disorder like
and I don't know and I and I have seen
an interactive durianrider and like he
does it's like he seems pretty
functional and in society but you know
maybe he has a mental disorder or
something on the spectrum of some
emotional disorder that gets him to so
angry and hurt and maybe he hates this
narrative that way he's just such a good
guy so if anyone criticizes him it's
just so unfair because he's been on
YouTube first and he's helped more
people like maybe dude he's created this
narrative and his head combination with
kind of a mental thing but still it does
not write it you're still responsible
for your actions you should I think does
not it does not accept the word but it
doesn't approve of the clearly
aggressive violent and uncalled for
behavior by refusing multiple people and
such as you but I'm sure there's so many
people I know I'm the one who stood up
that's why people remember me is because
I really stood up to it but yeah a lot
of people weren't in a position where
they could a lot of people are slunk
into the shadows via going so when I
first talked to being gains one of the
questions I asked him was because vegan
gains one of the things this channel
does is really criticizes people about
fake health information like fake weight
loss information
make steroid information and I said why
didn't you notice the red flag
the durianrider claimed he could cure
crohn's disease so crows diseases are
really serious incurable disease and he
made all vajura mitre made these
contradictory claims about Crohn's
disease and again even if you don't have
someone like me criticizing them if you
just watch what he's saying it's obvious
that he's lying from the inconsistencies
in what he's saying like the self
contradictory and things that
scientifically don't make sense so like
for you for you vegan gains for Richard
it should be really obvious this this
dude is lying you know in a serious way
so there's some examples like that that
are completely dry like they don't have
anything to do with sex but it's like
this is a really serious red flag that
this is someone he was lying and
manipulating to people whose fame is
based on on something negative and then
on the other hand again this is the side
I would have thought you'd know about
like my interaction with durianrider
so he didn't just accuse me of being a
pedophile and a sexual predator he said
he was gonna have a gang of people beat
me up he said he was gonna have people
stab me in Chiangmai
repeatedly and I had to go back to
Chiangmai for the court case later now
already that makes one side of the
conversation a little bit less credible
than the other because I haven't said
anything like that right like who's
lying here who's threatening to have
someone beaten up or stabbed but some
right that's the case you know well I'm
just saying it's not credible it's not
like you'd watch you saying but anyway
so when he was he demanded to see my
criminal record and I was just about to
start a job in China so I actually had
my criminal record check with me like
normally I wouldn't I just had oh like
here you go but I did because I was
starting a new job and for that job you
it was a job in the university as a
teacher you needed to have a criminal
record check to do that kind of job in
China so he's like oh well look it's a
it's a funny coincidence yeah here's my
passport here's my criminal record check
I sent it to him and he responds and by
the way I was always willing to talk to
him I was willing to meet in person I
said look if you want to meet in a
coffee shop we do that
said if you actually want to kick my ass
we can meet at a boxing ring or
something look I don't care but like you
want to talk gonna sell this I'll meet
with you and I said if you want to meet
on a street corner we can do that too
like you know I don't care and he
completely wimped out by the way he lost
his support that see this nothing all
the lies he was talking to him he also
told all these lies about being a tough
guy that he'd been to prison that he was
such a tough guy he used to really play
that role which again makes his side of
the story less credible and like for
someone like you also if you just paying
attention that's like it's a lot of
things this dude don't add up
okay guns but the point was so he
demanded it's totally unreasonable look
if I said to you right now show me your
criminal record like it's just
unreasonable but I actually did it okay
choose my criminal record here's my
passport and he immediately wrote back
and made statements on the internet and
in videos and and and on tumblr saying
that my my passport was fake and that my
criminal record check was so that's how
he responds to this like if you give him
an inch he just he just tries to raise
the stakes to the conf like that's how
the confluent like obviously I could
talk I could talk for an hour but all
the other crazy [ __ ] in it but
everything so it's like so I'm here
being reasonable like I'm actually
willing to talk this this through and
dude so I just say I gave you the
example of my girlfriend's dad and her
brothers like this stuff impacted my
life its impacted employers I'm hiring
for jobs right so that's do you think
that's the game we play right yeah it's
cool it's a long time it's a long time
for you to ignore your dog it's
reasonable she'd want to talk you know
we are all we the world is not black and
white durianrider is loves animals he
wants to help animals during I would
love to help people because I've seen
him help people with which he claims
about all the time you know those are
positive qualities
no one could arguments those are
positive qualities and then he also has
really really negative qualities but
clearly the negative qualities that he's
chosen to commit are our unquestioning
they're so far beyond the negative
qualities that I would have as also just
a unique person right now Murthy that's
awesome then when I'm under carved and
get pissed maybe I'll do something that
although I am the yogi and I'm pretty
very gentle and I'm a very chill guy but
I don't criminal record that's what you
say but you know it's so easy for during
riders to claim with the backlash like
really but I love animals and I love do
people and that's what he was right
because people are complicated but even
with the complications of the human
being a good person doesn't make
defamatory comments accusing someone of
a disgusting illegal activity just
because the parens criticizing their
nutritional ideology do I think that
during the rider has veganized a lot of
people and that the animals are probably
stoked about that yes you know we can't
defend that but to think that he has a
big impact on the vegan world and
community now is ridiculous but but at
the height and at the height of his fame
before he broke up with really before
his channel tumbled he said I was a
pedophile he said I was a sexual
predator and what you just said is that
he's not very relevant outside of the
vegan community but that is my community
that's where I live and work so he he
denounced me he denounced me and he
defamed me in a way that was very
powerful and very real impacts of my
life inside veganism and outside
veganism when I first met my girlfriend
so she's on my channel a lot lately
people haven't seen so ever say it's not
like a secret girlfriend when I first
met my girlfriend her father and her two
brothers googled my name and found all
these lies durianrider had told about me
another person who was just like a new
fan of mine sent me email and then said
oh wow I found all this dirt on you this
these
terrible things religion and there's
there's no basis to any of it in terms
of the stories he made up of me it's not
even a he-said she-said story like where
there's my version events and there's
the girl's version events there never
was a girl julia bore she said openly
that she had never met me which is true
we never met each other and that I'd
never sent her like a flirtatious you
know nothing like that ever happens you
me and her and the other women were
imaginary
but you said I mean this is the thing
you said you knew he lied and made
things up this is your attention you in
all your videos you said that like even
the more positive videos you said you
were like a way or the tyrrhene writer
was crazy it made stuff up it's like
well he just he just made up that I had
a sex scandal in Quebec where I was just
sleeping with like so many vegan women
and there was some skill and it's like
dude I haven't been to Quebec in years
Canada's a really big country from east
to west you know it's like I'm on the
west coast of Canada enrolled in
university classes I have like this
story it's it's so obviously false in so
many ways and where are these girls who
I slept with they believe me if I was
getting laid with a bunch of vegans and
Quebec they'd be on my youtube-channel
those girls would be I'd be doing videos
of them I wouldn't I wouldn't be hiding
it you know but you know I didn't think
I was laying a really hard criticism
exploring that it was just kind of
questioning you know philosophically
what's the meaning of saying someone
never was a vegan or something you know
yeah I think that I made that claim it's
one because it's a good title for a
YouTube video and to the sense of truth
that I was trying to pull from it is
that veganism as you'd probably agree
versus plant-based or an ethical
ideology or just personal thing agree I
I am gonna I so I wanted to bring up
that maybe people who have lived
plant-based and vegan dietary lifestyle
but have truly in their heart done it
mainly for the nutritional or weight
water use maybe we'll call those people
not vegan he's right did live a vegan
lifestyle and the animals don't give a
[ __ ] because we're I thought being eaten
so that's like I always say that I don't
care if you're vegan or plant-based as
long as you keep doing it because they
don't care as long as you're not
contributing to their suffering
so I sure saying that it was kind of an
employment for you sure he definitely
wasn't begin for however two or three
years however she was but you know I
dated her for a long time yeah and I'll
say this this is kind of exclusive
information content here I think I just
thought a bug bite on my cheek
mosquitoes are getting karma you know
when when when we moved to Berkeley and
again this is know hey Cindy because is
he's a passionate smarter woman and
she's gonna do the things that she's
interested in she is interested in
academics and many many other things I
am really into animal rights and there
was getting people to go ethically vegan
so when I was in Berkeley and doing tons
of animal rights activism is II came to
one or two things let's say in a given
month when I went to ten or fifteen she
never was added to animal rights as I
was so in that video I didn't make the
claim that sure you know while she did
make some animal rights content I her
heart probably wasn't as into the animal
rights thing as it is for me and many of
my vegan friends so maybe she was kind
of really plant-based and now as we see
she's meeting all kinds of animal
products and if you're truly into hell
or a serious
I know knows comet in ten years but I've
been six years vegan now and I cannot
imagine every other animal progeny for
the rest of my life so that's why I made
the claim that make and it's a good
[ __ ] YouTube site but look I totally
see those do I think you just didn't I
think you did
I think you didn't flesh it out that
videos as you did here well I think by
me look you could make a separate video
Takemoto because a lot of us have been
through that my ex-wife if I was married
for six years and this is another reason
why the dirty martyr thing had such an
impact I have a five year old daughter
at that time she was three years old and
I'm in a divorce and custody battle and
it's like I've got people on the
internet saying I'm a suspect pedophile
and a sexual predator it doesn't just
impact my employment impacts my divorce
and custody situation so it's really
pretty scary there's one of the reasons
why you know it was impacting my life
but my ex-wife after I split up with her
she went back to a non-vegan time I know
I know it's like and my current
girlfriend her ex-boyfriend like you
know he became vegan because of her then
five minutes after they split up he went
back to no but I think I think I think
there is an important lesson for you to
take from it because in that case you
know in case the datura murder thing all
the cards were on the table and like I
say even people who really knew him
personally even people who support him
like the guy from the glucose network
Abdullah Zainab or vegan Ava or foot
soldier but even vegan gains vegan gains
was friends with during rider and a
supporter of human freely all these
people even the people had the most to
lose by opposing during rider and he
really had the most to gain by
continuing to be his friend or supporter
all of those people the information was
there on the table to figure out Wow
Harley's done something really immoral
here so I just say I think the lesson
for you to learn is you've you've got to
do that little bit of research you know
in this case it would have just been a
little bit of good whether you reach out
to me or solve what was already out
there on the on the net because all that
stuff was there to put the pieces
together you know
okay I think it's a very clear case of
bullying and career pressure I don't
blame anyone who doesn't go out and make
anti during either videos because look
if someone's trying to start a YouTube
channel and thinking about themselves in
this situation sometimes you know very
neither has bullied certain people it's
scary to come out and be against someone
who's kind of the king and the original
king in this movement and of course you
could say it is cowardly if someone's
not going to come out and look at all
the facts and then talk about it but I'm
also going to be sympathetic to people
who just don't want to cause that drama
and attention to their lives even though
it's obviously so important to you
because you've unfortunately had to bear
a really brutal brunt of that and I'm
happy that I can now come out and
reinforce my beliefs on this so
hopefully try to lessen that it's sad
that beating and discomfort into
shittiness that's happen to your life
sure I'm also sympathetic to people that
are scared to make videos about it
because they feel like if I go against
his bullies this bully is going to go
and beat the [ __ ] out of me online and
that's also during rider should think is
that really the reputation that he wants
to of silencing people of how they think
and fear that he's going to bully them
again that's not a person that you want
to look up to you want to look up to
people like this you can just have open
logical reasonable conversations with
you know bully mentality is not a nice
thing and I can say that I felt that
form of bullying I didn't want to make a
video against crazy news because I
didn't want to feel the brunt of it but
again I was I understand I did say I
think I think the lesson I think the
less for you to take from it is what you
actually said in your second video that
has my name in it where you talk about
the situation you kind of say all these
bad things about during rider that you
know he's a liar you say he's totally
discredit himself you said if this is
untrue and you know what's untrue if
this is untrue during riders totally
discredit all right do some visions
right yeah but you could have no no no
really it was knowable really everyone
figured it out except you really you
were one of the last people to figure it
out because there were so many obvious
signs this was this was false but you
know say well if if and there's but
again even if you just examine his
statements the the lies are quite
obvious from one side only but you could
have reached out to me whatever you know
and all the lies he told about the core
case on one lie led to another of this
guy and it was all equally false but you
know you said well I know I know but you
did you you did me I know but you did
make two videos you know thinking stay
honest you did just think so it's not
like you chose not talk on you did then
one of them one of them is a long video
and one of the short but you're saying
you did take a stand on this and you
were wrong sorry the finish was I think
and of course if you want to be as
logical and scientific about it if you
make a stance of something you should
probably talk to both sides or like like
I say though but even I think even if
you had just looked at the threats of
violence he made against me your opinion
would have changed like even if you
everything else the same if you just
knew this guy threatened have me stabbed
beaten up again would probably have
changed your perspective but looks like
so the senses in the middle of it was
just saying well you did in that video
was you said okay if during writers
lying and again anyone wants to nose
knows that he really is like if during
writers lying then he has no credibility
as terrible person and then you say but
my personal experience with him is
positive I think he's a funny guy's a
nice guy so you know I'm supposed but
this is her but this is my point I think
the conclusion you have to make is in
life going ahead that's not really a
solid basis for that kind of judgment
you know with anybody or with anything
you can't you can't just say well and
other people are in this position with
Donald Trump right your current
president states he's been in show
business for so long there were a lot of
people who could say oh well you know
he's a nice guy I met him at a party I
shook his hand that's not really what
we're talking about you know the
question about whether or not right okay
it's a great and I think I think face to
face probably Donald Trump is a nice guy
to have a conversation with he's funny
he's dry he's relaxed he's been in
television for a long time right even
your whole circle of friends Donald
Trump's hung out with you know six other
people who hung out with Donald Trump
and they all say he's a great guy but
you know at the end of the day the
question is can can poor people get
health care yes or no that's so that's
that's kind of the question
[Music]
evolution